Master Control Program (MCP) -- Ghost in the Shell
The MCP is a primitive operating system that was originally created by Burroughs Corporation's Medium Systems. It was capable of executing multiple tasks in parallel. At the time, it was the first OS to manage multiple processors, the first commerical implementation of virtual memory, and the first OS written exclusively in a higher-level language.
In this version of the MCP, we were required to create a program which would launch a pool of sub-processes from a given input file. The program will allocate a process per command to parse the ouput and allow for multiprocessing to occur.
In the first part of this project, I created enough child processes to handle each of the commands. I had the parent thread wait for the child processes to finish and exit once this occurred. 
In the second part, I created a workload organizer in the main thread such that the parent processes could signal to the child processes to start and stop. This would initially start all child processes and then stop them all. 
In the third part, the workload organizer was expanded such that each child process was only allowed to execute for a given amount of time. The parent process would kill all child processes once this amount of time had passed or once all child processes had finished. 
In the fourth part, I added functional information to be printed to terminal as the top command would. This only printed relevant information for the given process in a syntaxically understandable format.
In the last part, I implemented the Round Robin Scheduling algorithm to allocate a specific amount of time to the CPU for each process. This was done by incorporating a quantum that each process would be allowed to execute for before moving on to the next process.
The project was created as part of the CS415 Operating Systems course at the University of Oregon, taught by Professor Allen Malony and is intended for educational purposes only.
